AKS on Azure Stack HCI GitOps Basic (#427)
microsoft/azure_arc: docs/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_k8s/aks_stack_hci/aks_hci_powershell/_index.md

  
* Create Azure service principal (SP)

>     To be able to complete the scenario and its related automation, Azure service principal assigned with the “Contributor” role is required. To create it, login to your Azure account using PowerShell run the below command. You will need to run the script from a PowerShell window that has access to your AKS on Azure Stack HCI environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To be able to complete the scenario and its related automation, an Azure service principal assigned with the “Contributor” role is required. To create it, login to your Azure account using PowerShell and run the below command. To do this, you will need to run the script from a PowerShell session that has access to your AKS on the Azure Stack HCI environment. 
```
